# Version 1.49.3

## Version 1.49.3 (Beta) (May 14, 2016)

## Changes
- **`NEW`** Windows UWP support
- **`NEW`** Support for additional platforms (1)
- **`NEW`** Support for `SKCanvas` clipping (2)
- `FIX` Return types for `SKCanvas` saving (3)
- `FIX` Improved UTF-32/UTF-16/UTF-8 handling (4)

NuGet: https://www.nuget.org/packages/SkiaSharp/1.49.3-beta

## Notes

### Note 1

To better enable support for additional platforms not yet officially supported, such as Linux, we have a new feature that will prevent the inclusion of the default native library. To support a custom platform, first disable the native library by adding:

``` xml
<ShouldIncludeNativeSkiaSharp>False</ShouldIncludeNativeSkiaSharp>
```

to the project that includes the native library (net45 library or exe). This will prevent the default library from being included, but then you will have to include your native library manually. The only criteria for this is to ensure that the native library is named `libSkiaSharp`.

### Note 2

The old `SKCanvas.ClipRect` and `SKCanvas.ClipPath` did not provide a means to reset the clip region. New methods were added for this:

``` csharp
void ClipRect(SKRect rect, SKRegionOperation operation = SKRegionOperation.Intersect, bool antialias = false);
void ClipPath(SKRect rect, SKRegionOperation operation = SKRegionOperation.Intersect, bool antialias = false);
bool GetClipBounds(ref SKRect bounds);
bool GetClipDeviceBounds(ref SKRectI bounds);
```

### Note 3

`SKCanvas.Save` and `SKCanvas.SaveLayer` did not correctly return the value from native code.

### Note 4

The original implementation of `SKPaint.MeasureText`, `SKPaint.BreakText`, `SKPaint.GetTextPath` and `SKPaint.GetPosTextPath` tried to convert the text to UTF-16 before performing the operation. The new implementation uses the encoding provided by the `SKPaint` instance.

Just like when writing text to the screen, the `SKPaint` uses the text encoding provided by the `TextEncoding` property for all text operations.
